[MUSIC]
>> Brian Holt: So let's go and
create store.jsx.
I'm gonna give the caveat here that I
haven't actually worked on a huge Redux
project before.
I've done my own personal stuff on it,
so this is really poorly organized.
I'm going to say everything I'm doing in
terms of organization, don't do that.
Unfortunately, I don't have
a much better recommendation.
But I'm sure you can tweet it and some
angry person will tell you what to do.
So create Store.jsx.
I still call it JSX.
You can call it ES6, as well.
I've seen some people do that, because
we're gonna be using ES6 but not JSX.
I just call it JSX because then that
reminds myself I need to transpile this.
I don't really care what's in it,
so whatever.
Store.jsx.
Here we're going to pull in Redux
>> Brian Holt: We're
gonna pull in reactRedux.
All reactRedux is, basically,
a couple of helper
functions to make Redux really
easy to use with React.
You can use Redux with any other library.
In fact, I know it's getting some
popularity in the Angular community these
days, which is pretty cool.
I like the cross-pollination.
>> Speaker 2: We just sent
a Reactive Angular to-
>> Brian Holt: Did they use Redux?
>> Speaker 2: Yeah, they did.
>> Brian Holt: Amazing.
Go watch the other course.
That'll-
>> Speaker 2: He used Rx and
Redux with Angular, too.
>> Brian Holt: Awesome.
Here's a little of just
how I do Flux/Redux.
Make all of your actions constants, so
that if you need to change the name
of your constant later, that's okay.
That you don't have to
go change everything.
This is gonna be the name of my action,
setSearchTerm.
Right now, they're called the same thing.
They don't have to be
called the same thing.
That makes sense to me.
And now we're gonna make
our very first reducer.
Which, again,
that sounds really intimidating.
One of my most biggest pet
peeves with people that write
libraries is they use the big
computer sciency terms.
Angular is the worst at it.
They use like transclusion,
and directives, and
all the stuff that makes it
feel really intimidating.
In reality, they're not actually
very intimidating things, but
they feel very intimidating.
So that's why I'm not
a huge fan of reducer, or
despite the fact that's
actually what it is.
But whatever, rant over.
We're gonna do state, and
we're gonna do action.
You don't see a lot of switch
statements in JavaScript.
Just cuz they're weird and
they fall through, and
they're kind of just
annoying to deal with.
But it actually does make a lot
of sense with your root reducer.
>> Speaker 3: Can you just reclarify
why you're setting the const
SET_SEARCH_TERM there?
>> Brian Holt: Let's get there first,
and then I'll talk about it again.
>> Speaker 3: Okay.
>> Brian Holt: We're gonna do
switch statement on action.type.
The action's gonna come in here.
>> Brian Holt: So
this is a switch statement on that.
Then I'm gonna do case SET_SEARCH_TERM.
So if we see a SET_SEARCH_TERM type event,
type not event.
They're very similar to events, but
they're actually actions is
what I really mean to say.
>> Brian Holt: What I'm gonna do here
is I'm gonna say const newState = a new
object.
Because, remember, we have to return
a new object every single time.
I'm just gonna do this object at
assign that we've seen before.
Objects.assign (newState,
state, set our search term,
)
>> Brian Holt: And then return newState.
>> Brian Holt: Underneath this
is gonna be another state.
But we'll talk about this just, no,
this would be actually the default.
>> Brian Holt: So
let's talk about what's happening here.
Somewhere inside of my app.
Well, I guess what I should mention is,
we're gonna abstract away our search.
So if you go back to our app, here,
this part right here where we're keeping
track of the state inside of React.
We also want to make this
work in our home page here.
So when you type in here and search for
something, we want that to work too.
So now both of these have to be
able to modify this search term.
So we're gonna abstract
that way into Redux and
let Redux handle all
the heavy lifting here.
I should mention that
that's what we're doing.
We're gonna have both places just
emit actions of saying, hey,
my search term changed.
And then we're gonna let Redux
handle all of the changing.
Then, inside of these
different components,
we're just going to handle them ourselves.
Whenever we see a SET_SEARCH_TERM action,
what we're gonna do is we're
gonna create a newState.
Because, again, it must be new state.
This is gonna be just this blank object.
It's going to get everything
that state had before,
because we need to not blow
away the rest of our state.
Because there's going to be other
things state's keeping track of.
And we don't to blow that
away on every single update.
Does that make sense?
Because it's whole tree of data.
If we don't bring all the old state
along with us, we're going to lose it.
The last thing we're gonna do is,
whatever was in state before for
search term we're going to overwrite
it here, with the action.value.
Whatever was there, now.
Absolutely key with Redux,
you must return the newState.
This is a pure function and
it absolutely must be a pure function.
When I say pure function, it's not going
to modify any of the state around it.
What it's going to do is it's going
to take in what it got from state,
it's going to apply a transformation,
and return a new version of it.
That's what I mean when
I say pure function.
So it's not going to modify any of
its surrounding global environment.
It's going to be input in,
output out, the end.
That's it.
Nothing else gets modified.
Make sense?
Let me show you how you
would violate that.
You'd say let x = 5, and
if I did like x++ in here,
that would be a violation
of this contract.
And say I was using x somewhere
else to do something else.
This is a violation of that.
>> Speaker 4: So the object assign
in this case is sort of like
you're inheriting from a prototype.
Except for you're not actually
keeping the prototypal relationship.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah, so
it's not inheritance.
But this is like the functional
version of inheritance.
That's not even totally true.
That'd be dynamic dispatch.
Watch another course for that.
I don't wanna talk about it.
[LAUGH] But the basic idea here
is keep everything from state but
overwrite this part.
That's the gist of it.
I see where you head's at,
and I think you're right, but
it's a leaky abstraction.
I don't wanna give everyone else the idea,
either.
Any questions about this?
Another thing I'll say about this.
This actually could be another reducer.
In fact, we could even do that.
Well, we'll leave it like this but
you could.
Here would be a good place to
dispatch this to another reducer.
So instead of saying this, I would say,
return reduceSearch
term with action.value.
And that would be this route reducer
dispatching to another reducer.
That's kind of the idea there.
Or we can just do that.
Let's just do it.
Whatever.
#yolo.
>> Students: [LAUGH]
>> Brian Holt: [LAUGH] Okay.
reduceSearchTerm.
>> Brian Holt: Actually you have
to pass more than just that.
You have to pass the state and the action.
So I'm gonna pass state.
I'm gonna pass action.
>> Brian Holt: And then I'm just gonna
copy all that business of what I
wrote up here.
>> Brian Holt: Since we
have multiple reducers now,
this is a little bit inaccurate.
Let's call this rootReducer,
cuz that's exactly what it is.
And then now we have to pass in
state and action, as well.
>> Speaker 6: Would that
be reduceSearchTerm?
>> Brian Holt: It should.
That was a test.
You pass.
>> Students: [LAUGH]
>> Brian Holt: So any questions?
This is still not totally done.
But any questions about reduceSearchTerm?
>> Speaker 3: Someone's asking,
object.assign is the native version
of what jQuery.extend does?
>> Brian Holt: Maybe.
I seem to recall [CROSSTALK]
jQuery expert back there.
>> Speaker 2: Yeah, pretty much.
>> Brian Holt: Okay.
I know it is the equivalent of _.assign,
so
if that speaks to you,
it is literally the same as that.
If you use a underscore or low dash.